Shopify ScriptTag Beta Overhaul (#3623)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/shopify/setting_up_shopify.md

description: "This article outlines how to set up Shopify, a global commerce company that allows you to seamlessly connect their Shopify store with Braze to pass select Shopify webhooks into Braze."
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner
permalink: "/setting_up_shopify/"
hidden: true

---

# Setting up Shopify

> [Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/) is a leading global commerce company providing trusted tools to start, grow, market, and manage a retail business of any size. Shopify makes commerce better for everyone with a platform and services engineered for reliability while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere. 

The Shopify and Braze integration allows brands to connect their Shopify store seamlessly to pass select Shopify webhooks into Braze. Leverage Braze's cross-channel strategies and Canvas to retarget your users with abandoned checkout messaging to nudge customers to complete their purchase or retarget users based on their previous purchases. 

## Prerequisites

All Braze customers looking to utilize the Shopify integration must sign Braze's Shopify order form. Reach out to your account executive for more details.

> This integration will create alias user profiles if we are unable to match Shopify data using the email or phone number. Refer to the following section for more information on [Shopify user reconciliation](#shopify-user-syncing). Consult with your development teams around the downstream impacts and need to merge these user profiles as part of your user lifecycle before you enable the integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration will create alias user profiles if we are unable to match Shopify data using the email or phone number. Refer to the following section for more information on [Shopify user reconciliation]({{site.baseurl}}/shopify_data/#user-reconciliation). Consult with your development teams around the downstream impacts and need to merge these user profiles as part of your user lifecycle before you enable the integration. 
```

### Step 1: Locate Shopify within the dashboard
In Braze, go to the **Technology Partners** section and then search **Shopify**. On the Shopify partner page, select **Begin Setup** to start the integration process.

![Data Import and Web SDK Installation section of the Shopify partner page in Braze.][2]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

### Step 2: Shopify set up
![][3]{: style="float:right;max-width:30%;margin-top:15px;"} 

As you go through the onboarding process, you will be expected to:
1. Connect your Shopify store name
2. Select Shopify events
3. Enable a Braze channel
4. Installation of the Braze app into your storefront
<br><br>

### Step 2a: Connect Shopify store name

When you click **Begin Setup**, you'll be prompted to input your **Shopify Store Name**. Ensure that you input your store name, not the [Shopify domain](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/domains).

![][6]{: style="max-width:65%;"} 

#### Step 2b: Web SDK

In the next step of the setup wizard, you'll be presented with information about the Braze Web SDK. The Braze Web SDK can be integrated via Shopify ScriptTag to unlock the following functionality:

> - 1-click Braze Web SDK integration onto your Shopify store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One-click Braze Web SDK integration onto your Shopify store
```
